Docker Hub OIDC login support (#1048)
docker/login-action: README.md

          password: ${{ secrets.DOCKERHUB_TOKEN }}
```

You can also [authenticate to Docker Hub with OpenID Connect](https://docs.docker.com/enterprise/security/oidc-connections/)
when your Docker Hub organization has an OIDC connection configured. The
workflow must grant the `id-token: write` permission, pass the Docker Hub

> username as usual, omit `password`, and set the OIDC connection ID in

Reviewer: Only org names are supported right?

```suggestion
organization name as `username`, omit `password`, and set the OIDC connection ID in
```

Author: Yes only orgs atm

`DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID` environment variable.

```yaml
name: ci

on:
  push:
    branches: main

permissions:
  contents: read
  id-token: write

jobs:
  login:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      -
        name: Login to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v4
        env:
          DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID: ${{ vars.DOCKERHUB_OIDC_CONNECTIONID }}
        with:

>           username: ${{ vars.DOCKERHUB_USERNAME }}

Reviewer: Perhaps also worth changing the env name

```suggestion
          username: ${{ vars.DOCKERHUB_ORGANIZATION }}
```

Author: Makes sense
